README.md, before:

Instructional Interview
===

This project repository contains code for a web page. You will very likely 
not be familiar with some, or even _any_, of the code in this project.

In preparation for the interview, please take some time to:

1. Come up with questions you have about the code. This may be based on:
    * Seeking basic understanding
    * Something you don't understand well
    * Something different or new that you haven't seen
    * Your curiosity
2. Do some online research and see if you can:
    * Find answers
    * Come up with more refined questions
    * Come up with new questions that the research inspires
3. Speculate on:
    * What this web site would look like and what work the code does
    * What you might change about the web site

The interview is **not** about technical knowledge, but rather about _your
approach to encountering new things and learning_. Please be ready to relate
and discuss your experience of working through the preparation steps.

During the interview, you will also be asked about your experiences 
and approaches to problem solving and learning you have done in any area or domain.

Commit message:

add reference to index.html

README.md, after:

Instructional Interview
===

This project repository contains code for a web page, listed in the file called [index.html](index.html) listed above. You will very likely 
not be familiar with some, or even _any_, of the code in this project.

In preparation for the interview, please take some time to:

1. Come up with questions you have about the code. This may be based on:
    * Seeking basic understanding
    * Something you don't understand well
    * Something different or new that you haven't seen
    * Your curiosity
2. Do some online research and see if you can:
    * Find answers
    * Come up with more refined questions
    * Come up with new questions that the research inspires
3. Speculate on:
    * What this web site would look like and what work the code does
    * What you might change about the web site

The interview is **not** about technical knowledge, but rather about _your
approach to encountering new things and learning_. Please be ready to relate
and discuss your experience of working through the preparation steps.

During the interview, you will also be asked about your experiences 
and approaches to problem solving and learning you have done in any area or domain.
